The following comes from a post on the AVR forums from the user
dl8dtl about a weird bug that shows up when linking the AVR math 
library to the executable.  The LDFLAGS parameter must be "-lc -lm -lc" 
instead of just "-lm".

----------------
 > I too would like an explanation of what is going on with
 > -lc -lm -lc
 
 Suppose something dragged in from the first libc.a causes an
 undefined reference to say, __lesf2. This symbol is not going
 to be resolved within that library, so the linker continues to the
 next library, libm.a. It will find that symbol there, but some
 other module obtained from libm.a might cause additional undefined
 symbol references, which have to be resolved from libc.a -- but
 that library has already been processed, so without mentioning it
 again on the commandline, the linker won't reconsider it here.
 
 Just keep in mind that the compiler adds further libraries to the
 end of the linker commandline (IIRC, it's «-lc -lgcc -lc», but
 offhand I'm not sure). It's not clear to me *why* the original
 problem happens, but it appears to drag in something from libgcc.a
 that should rather be overridden by a symbol of the same name in
 libm.a, but libm.a wasn't in the linker order at that time
 (presumably, it had already been processed).
 
 Yes, all this sucks, libm.a should not define any symbols that
 rather belong into libgcc.a. There are hysterical raisins that
 caused the current situation, and with GCC moving towards a stricter
 license for its "runtime" (i.e., libgcc.a) as part of the overall
 switch from GPLv2 to GPLv3, I'm afraid that won't even change in
 future. That's all politics here, I'm sorry about that. The main
 reason for why some of these implementations went into libm.a
 rather than straight into libgcc.a is ease of maintenance: the
 (political) procedure to get something into avr-libc is much less
 complicated than getting it into GCC (and thus libgcc.a). It's not
 only the GPL-vs.-BSD license issue, but also things like the FSF
 insisting on a "copyright assignment" where the paperwork already
 scares away some people, some others are already scared away by the
 plain fact they should be *forced* to assign their copyright to the
 FSF (rather than getting the praised freedom, and decide themselves),
 and then there are even those who tried to file the paperwork, yet
 the FSF never managed to complete the process (and that guy's been
 someone *really* knowledgable about GCC, who could have been a nice
 helping hand for AVR-GCC development).
 
 Sorry for the rant. I just wanted to explain why there are (only)
 political rather than technical reasons for the current mess, which
 this problem appears to be a part of.
